But if you are also interested in general insurance
, if you are not interested in insurance then it does
not matter.
Be interested in insurance shares and especially when the
results are about to come, tomorrow along with ICICI Pro, the
results of ICICI LBRD will also come and if
Pooja can predict the results of ICICI Pro, then
I am sure Pooja ji, you will tell that too.
Yes, ICICI Lambar is a PC company
and here too we are expecting good numbers.
Strong results
are expected.
This time, we may see a growth of 18% in premium income.  The
profit will be 17% and the impact of the reduction in GST rates this time will
gradually start being seen
in this year's results.  So,
due to the insurance penetration that has taken place,
improvement can be seen in the auto and health segments.
Where will you get support?  So it will be an
important
point to see what growth takes place here.  Due to improvement in claims and costs,
their combined ratio i.e.
operational numbers are also
expected to look quite good.  It is expected to decrease from 102 to 101.
So this will be called good.
Apart from this, statements related to GST exemption implication
and increase in third party motor premium will be kept under
watch.  So there will be
improvement in overall market share.  The bank
's margins will also improve
and operationally the numbers are also looking good on the business growth front.
Okay
ICICI LBA, let us take Sumit ji's opinion on this.
Sumit ji, what do the
charts say about ICICI LBD?
See the new one, you can move ahead by holding a position within the stock.
After a decline, there are now
signs of a pullback and bounce back.
Within this, a lot of selling has been seen from the upper level in the last three days.
But now there are signs of a pullback and bounce
back from here.  If any small dip
comes then you can buy at lower levels.
After breaking the 1930 level on the upside, the
momentum will increase further and a move up to ₹180 can be
seen again in ICICI.
So you can hold long positions and
move ahead.
All right.  Come